will come in and then we'll get started
sounds good so I'll try to keep the mic
licking and keyboard clacking to a
minimum but okay since this is a real
casual first roughcast um I'm gonna do
it here and there sounds good so I got
some wine warning tosses in the house of
what I still have the blood of the
horses tequila I just I went to
Fredericksburg a couple of weeks ago and
went on a wine tour oh yeah yeah you
know either have like you know I'm is up
there well sure those nasty cuz you know
how I like mine where you just walking
around asking where the box for it since
you have any high-quality box wine sir
it's pretty eight this is fun man is
pretty cool I tried like 36 wines one
day 61 but that just a sip or was that a
full of it's like no it's not a provide
so it's just a taste you pretty much get
like two mouths you're not supposed to
swallow that I thought I think don't you
just like swirl in your mouth and spit
it out I mean I mean I know more about
wine tasting than you think Tyler I'm
what a Food Network you know nobody i
saw was spitting now and they don't like
provide you with the way to spit it out
so I think everyone swallows
yeah yeah but uh I bought like four
bottles while i was on the tour I mean
the idea is kind of to you know try a
bunch and then one that you particularly
like you can buy the bottle right then I
am I just finished off one of one of my
favorite ones and i just opened up the
glass that have now is some random one
from the grocery store and so it's a
white chardonnay it's a little too spicy
for me though she wifey what we spice
look hasn't worked on this point yeah
well because it basically there's like
fruitier on one side it can be real
fruity and on the other side it can be
real spicy and you can't really have
both so much I guess if you do it's one
of those real heavy wines but yeah just
I like the fruitier ones what can i say
i'm kind of feminine so this is this is
a real spicy shard name but it's what
i'm sipping on and i'll take it
I'm calling this the JP and Tyler fuck
off our take that's not appropriate
you